We have a mid-course deviation.
Target heading 0-3-6, 1 26 miles...
...bearing 062, Havana VOR.
He's landing at Cray Cay.
- Advise Key West Drug Enforcement,
- Roger, sir,
AWACS to Key West, Key West
Drug Enforcement, please come in,
If they hurry, they just might
be able to grab the bastard,
Now, you're sure
you've got the ring?
Relax, Felix.
Friends of yours?
My partners at the DEA.
What the hell is going on?
- Sanchez is in the Bahamas.
- Have you cleared it with Nassau?
- We've got the green light.
- Let's go!
Hey, Felix!
Haven't you forgotten something?
Oh, James,
explain to Della, will you?
No way.
I'm coming with you.
Okay, but strictly
as an observer.
- Sorry, Sharky.
- Hey, why me?
Hey, you guys!
You can't do this to me!
What will I tell Della?!
What did he promise you?
His heart?
Give her his heart.
No. No, Franz.
I didn't mean any harm.
It's all right, baby.
We all make mistakes.
Your escapades
are getting more creative.
Not a word.
He's still not here.
Can you go around the block again?
- What about the guests?
- I told you this was a mistake!
James. Just in case.
Okay.
I want Sanchez alive!
Stay here, James.
- No Sanchez.
- Damn!
Watch out!
Hey, observer!
You trying to get yourself killed?
If I don't get you back for the wedding,
I'm a dead man for sure.
- Do you need help?
- No. Take your hands off me.
Just go away.
- Sanchez!
- Let's go!
Come on! Come on!
He'll be in Cuban airspace
in 20 minutes.
He hasn't got away yet!
- What the hell are you doing?
- Let's go fishing!
Forward. Forward.
Easy. Hold it.
Back up.
Forward now. Hold it!
Bring him in!
Take the load!
- No. Please go home. I'm very...
- They're here!
Let's go, James!
- Come along.
- James!
- Your hat.
- Thank you.
On the double!
Get away from the door!
You're facing
Why, that's 936 years.
Even one of your famous million-dollar
bribes can't get you out of this one.
Two.
What?
Two million, U.S.
A standing offer
for anyone who springs me.
Goddamn it! Do you think
you're in some banana republic?
All that scumbag money
won't do you a bit of good here.
Very good. But I think
I'm gonna be home soon.
Why, you...
Get a hold of yourself!
We got a nice private cell
waiting for your ass at Quantico...
...and I'm gonna personally
see you get there.
I'm terribly sorry.
That's a custom. The bride
always gets to kiss her best man.
I thought it was
the other way around.
Oh, James, would you mind?
Felix is still in the study.
We've got to cut this cake.
I'll do anything
for a woman with a knife.
Thank you.
Could you help me?
FarangSiam thanks you.
Have Fun!
- Sorry.
- No, no. Come in. We're finished.
- Pam, meet James.
- Goodbye, Felix.
Strictly business, my friend.
Switch that thing off, Felix. You know
you have a houseful of guests.
Just let me save this.
Take a seat.
The department wants
a full report, yesterday.
We really hit it lucky today.
Sanchez hasn't been
out of his home base for years.
- Couldn't you extradite him?
- Not a chance.
He's killed, intimidated or bribed
half the officials from here to Chile.
There's only one law down there.
Sanchez's law.
Lead or silver.
Ed!
Double congratulations,
old buddy.
You take your time on the honeymoon.
Everything's okay.
You must be Bond,
the guy who came along for the ride.
Ed Killifer.
We're taking Sanchez
to Quantico this afternoon.
- Hey, stay and have a drink with us.
- Can't. Gotta get back.
I just came by
to kiss the bride.
Felix, time to cut the cake.
Hand me the picture
of Della, quick.
She must be ready to kill me.
- I tied them myself.
- What are these?
- Lures.
- They'll keep you busy for a few days.
You're not going fishing
on my honeymoon!
How many others
are being held in there?
- Where are you taking him?
- Why did you go to the Bahamas?
- Mr. Sanchez, will you look this way?
Come on, get him inside.
What is your real nationality,
Señor Sanchez?
Are you really Colombian?
- Have you been fairly treated?
- One more picture, please!
Are you connected with any
laboratories in South America?
- Why did you go to the Bahamas?
- No more questions.
Do you expect to be vindicated,
Mr. Sanchez?
Wait a minute.
- Okay, let's go.
- We're moving out.
Excuse me, Liala.
Just a minute.
- I have a surprise for you.
- Really?
It's right over here.
What's that?
"James. Love always,
Della and Felix."
We love you.
Thanks.
Come on!
- What the hell's happened?
- Chopper, do you hear me?
- I want you to come down.
- How deep is it there?
Call up an amphibian.
We have an accident.
Code red!
- Congratulations.
- Thanks.
Oh, James, I wanted you
to have something.
You know the tradition.
The next one who catches this
is the next one who....
No.
Thanks, Della.
It's time I left.
Oh, James.
Did I say something wrong?
He was married once,
but it was a long time ago.
Felix, you're no good to me
with a wrecked back.
Let her go.
I'm the one you want.
Hey.
Ready to go? We got the batteries
recharged on the sub.
It’ll take you the 1 2-mile limit.
A fast boat to Cuba.
- You'll be there for breakfast.
- Relax. We’ll wait for Dario.
Look, are you crazy?
You got everybody looking for you.
What about Killifer?
Having a cop here is nuts.
I want to deep-six him.
I made a deal with this guy,
and I'm gonna keep my word.
I don't like it.
He can finger me.
I spent a fortune
on this cover.
Something you better
understand, amigo.
Loyalty is more important
to me than money.
Now get the cop.
Here's 2 million, all in twenties.
It's very heavy,
but difficult to trace.
Smart.
Now, be ready for tomorrow.
I'll have someone pick you up.
- Where's Lupe?
- On the boat.
Keep her there
until I send for her.
Hey, no fooling around
with my girl.
You kidding? After what you did
to that guy on the islands?
You liked my little valentine, huh?
Where's my wife?
Don't worry.
We gave her a nice honeymoon.
I want you to know
this is nothing personal.
It's purely business.
- Killifer!
- Sorry, old buddy.
But two mill
is a hell of a chunk of dough.
Killing me won't stop anything,
Sanchez!
There are worse things
than dying.
See you in hell!
No. Today is the first day
of the rest of your life.
Thank you.
- Good morning.
Your passport, please.
- What's going on?
- Some big drug dealer just escaped.
Will that be smoking
or non-smoking...
Your ticket!
Felix?
Della?
Felix, you'll be all right.
Hang on.
Hey, Leiter, where you been?
It's Bond.
Get an ambulance here, quick.
Hi, Sharky.
You stick around. I might have
some more questions for you, okay?
How is he?
His left leg's gone below the knee.
They might be able to save his arm.
You can bet it was a chain saw.
Colombians use them on informers.
They sell more here
than in the state of Oregon.
I wish I could be more hopeful,
but we’ll have to wait and see.
Chain saw, my ass!
I know a shark bite when I see one.
Sanchez has vanished with Leiter's
files. God only knows what's in them.
- Well, find him!
- He's out of our jurisdiction.
There's plenty of countries
that'll protect him.
- We can't even get an extradition.
- There are other ways.
Let it go, commander.
You're just gonna
forget all about it?
No, I'm not gonna forget about it.
Looks like Sanchez's law
operates north of the border too.
Let's go shark hunting.
This is the last place in the Keys.
We’ll have to try Miami next.
Stay here.
You stay out of sight.
I'll handle this.
We're closed.
Ain't nobody here.
Look, I've come all the way
from London to see you.
Universal Exports. We've been
retained by the Regent's Park Zoo...
...to arrange shipment
of a charcharadon carcharias,
- A what?
- Great white shark.
It's all right, Bill.
Let him in.
Unfortunately, we sold
all our sharks years ago.
As you can see,
we do purely research now.
It's a project
to feed the Third World.
We feed maggot to our special breed
of genetically engineered fish.
Use hormones to make them all male.
Gain weight faster.
From your shark hunting days?
Yeah. Actually, it's for sale.
Look, I'm kind of busy.
Maybe some other time.
Thank you. I look forward
to seeing you again.
- Goodbye, Mr....
- Goodbye.
Mr. Krest said to be ready.
He'll send the sub back
in three hours to pick you up.
Can't wait. This dump
gives me the creeps.
James.
Hold it right there!
Do you mind if I get
my hands out of here?
Yeah. Do it slowly.
Bon appétit!
Freeze!
Over by the trap door, old buddy.
Is this where you put
your old buddy Felix?
Not me. Chalk that one
up to Sanchez and Krest.
There's $2 million
in that suitcase.
I'll split it with you.
You earned it.
You keep it, old buddy.
God, what a terrible waste.
Of money.
Hey, Sharky!
- Any news on the Wavekrest?
- She's a big marine research vessel...
...owned by a Milton Krest.
They're collecting specimens
off the Cay Sal Bank.
How long will it
take us to get there?
Maybe about six hours.
I have a few things to pick up.
Be ready in an hour.
Yeah, okay.
Hey, commander,
you got a minute?
The local cops got a tip
about a warehouse last night.
Turned up 500 keys
of Colombian pure...
...a couple of stiffs...
...and a little bitty piece
of what used to be Killifer.
Good. At least
someone's on the case.
You may be a pal of Leiter's,
but I can only cover up so much.
The DA is screaming
to know what happened.
You know, we got laws
in this country too.
Do you have a law
against what they did to Leiter?
Look, you're in over your head.
This is where it ends, commander.
You were supposed to be
In Istanbul last night.
I'm afraid this unfortunate Leiter
business has clouded your judgment.
You have a job to do. I expect you
on a plane this afternoon.
- I haven't finished here, sir.
- Leave it to the Americans.
It's their mess.
Let them clear it up.
Sir, they're not
going to do anything.
I owe it to Leiter. He's put his life
on the line for me many times.
Oh, spare me this sentimental
rubbish! He knew the risks.
- And his wife?
- This private vendetta of yours...
...could easily compromise
Her Majesty's government.
You have an assignment,
and I expect you to carry it out...
...objectively and professionally.
Then you have my resignation, sir.
We're not a country club, 00 7.
Effective immediately,
your license to kill is revoked...
...and I require you
to hand over your weapon.
Now.
I need hardly remind you that you are
still bound by the Official Secrets Act.
Then I guess it's...
...a farewell to arms.
Don't! Too many people!
God help you, commander.
Something in Sector C.
You caused us all
a lot of trouble, young lady.
You're drunk,
Go to bed.
When Sanchez heard you ran away,
he went nuts.
It's none of your business.
It's my business when your stupid
little tricks get Sanchez arrested...
...and I've gotta put my organization
at risk to get him out.
The DEA just raided Key West.
You caused me a lot of dough.
He'll give you the money.
He doesn't work that way.
You better watch yourself, girlie.
I've known him a long time.
I've seen a lot of girls like you
come and go.
You're drunk. Get out!
And stop peeking
through my windows.
Come on. What are you
so stuck up for?
He fixed that phony
beauty contest you won.
- Mr. Krest?
- Yeah, what?
The Sentinel's picking up
something large on the monitor, sir.
I think you'd better take a look.
I don't believe this.
What the hell is it now?
It's just a manta ray.
Get the probe back in.
- We’ll start loading now.
- Yes, sir.
Take care of him.
Make a sound, and you're dead.
- You...
- What are you doing in here?
Krest gave me his cabin.
He's next door.
- Where's Sanchez?
- He's not on board.
- I don't know where he is.
- You're his girlfriend.
He doesn't tell me anything.
Open up.
I need to talk to you.
Answer it.
Just a moment.
- What do you want?
- Somebody slipped aboard.
Did you see anybody?
No, I was sleeping.
Go away.
Mr. Krest, they're back.
Bolt your door.
Who whipped you? Sanchez?
It was my fault.
I did something wrong,
made him angry.
- Nice work, Clive.
- Thanks, Mr. Krest. Guess what?
His name was Sharky.
Get rid of the boat.
We got work to do.
You'd better find yourself
a new lover.
Don't you men know any other way?
It's Sanchez's way.
You seem to like it.
You know nothing.
Please go.
If they find you here,
we’ll both be killed.
Stay here.
We got everything useful
out of her. That's it.
- Take her out and sink her.
- Okay, Clive. Cast off!
Compliments of Sharky.
Man overboard!
Get him!
Don't let him get away!
- What's wrong?
- Get back in your cabin. Stay there!
Guy must've drowned, Mr. Krest.
Don't be so sure.
Find him!
- Launch Sentinel,
- Yes, sir.
Stand by to dive when I tell you.
Numbers one and two, dive!
I can see something
reflecting over there.
Too much turbulence to be sure.
Loading completed, Mr. Krest.
- Bring Sentinel back in.
- Yes, sir.
Mr. Krest.
Bring Sentinel up!
There he is!
Right there! Get him!
There!
Dive, damn it! Dive!
Right there!
There! Pick him up!
- All boats return to Wavekrest,
- Aye, aye, sir.
Here. Put her stern in.
Hey, do you know
someone called Bouvier?
Over there.
This is an unexpected pleasure.
- Where's Leiter?
- Hospital. Intensive care.
Where you'll be
if you don't get out of here fast.
Sanchez has Leiter's files.
Your name is all over them.
Hell! I knew something was wrong.
Those two have been
at the bar for hours.
Probably waiting to see
who showed up to meet me.
- Would you like anything to drink?
- Bud with a lime.
- Yeah, same.
- Sure thing, hon.
Shit!
It's Dario.
He's bad news.
He used to be with the Contras
before they kicked him out.
Just the kind of guy
Sanchez would send.
You carrying?
If they start shooting,
you just hit the deck and stay there.
Don't I know you from somewhere?
- No.
- Oh, yes, I do.
You used to fly charter planes...
...for some friends of mine.
I got a job for you.
Why don't we go outside
and talk in private?
Take your hands off!
She's with me.
Nobody's asking you, gringo.
He's with me!
Keep your hands on the table.
Here we go.
Two beers. That'll be $3.50.
Do your friends want something?
Let me get it.
He's had enough.
Run a tab.
- Okay.
- How did you get here?
- By boat.
- Where is it?
Back behind this wall.
Thanks.
Touché
Get it started.
Come on!
- Don't move.
- Relax.
It's a bulletproof vest.
This Kevlar is great.
You're bloody lucky to be alive!
It's not luck.
It's experience.
- A bit higher would've been your head.
- Look, I just saved your life!
If it wasn't for me, your ass
would've been nailed to the wall!
- You saved my life?
- Yes!
It's a tough business you've picked.
Leave it to the professionals.
Look, pal, I was an army pilot!
I have flown to the toughest
hellholes in South America...
...and I will not have you lecture me
about professionalism!
Out of gas. I haven't heard
that one in a long time.
They must have hit the fuel line.
I'm gonna need your help.
I want a complete rundown
on Sanchez's operation.
And I'll need a flight
to Isthmus City. Private.
- No one must know I've left.
- What do you want to go there for?
I'll pay you very well.
You're going after Sanchez,
aren't you?
- Will you help me?
- How many men have you got?
Just you and me.
Are you crazy? Sanchez has an entire
army protecting him down there.
Just fly me in and leave.
Fifty thousand.
It's not that easy. False flight plans,
payoffs at Isthmus City Airport...
...I can't do a job like that
for less than a hundred.
Sixty.
- Ninety.
- Seventy.
- Eighty
- Seventy five.
You pay the fuel?
You get the plane.
Deal.
Why don't you wait
until you're asked?
Well, why don't you ask me?
There are five typing errors
on the first page alone.
- What's got into you?
- Sorry, sir.
"U.S. immigration
has no reports of 00 7...
...leaving the United States
as of 1 500 hours today."
- Who authorized this?
- I did, sir.
I thought you'd be worried
about James. He's gone missing.
You know him better than that.
He'll go after Sanchez.
He's got to be stopped. I've already
alerted our man in Isthmus.
I want that out
by this afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Q Branch, please.
This is the master bedroom.
I hope everything
is satisfactory, Señor.
It's adequate.
I'd like a case of champagne.
Bollinger R.D.
Certainly, Señor, If I could ask you
to sign the registration cards....
No, my executive secretary,
Miss Kennedy, will take care of that.
Right here, please.
Fresh flowers every day.
Thank you very much.
Your key.
Enjoy your stay.
It's Ms. Kennedy. And why can't you
be my executive secretary?
We're south of the border.
It's a man's world.
Thanks for everything.
Your job's finished.
- I want to stay.
- Too dangerous.
- Enough people have been killed.
- Don't talk to me about danger.
I won't be safe
until Sanchez is dead.
Besides, you could use my help.
Well, if you're gonna be my executive
secretary, you'd better look the part.
Here. Buy yourself
some decent clothes.
What bank does Sanchez use?
I need to make a deposit.
The biggest one in town,
Banco de Isthmus.
He owns it.
I've come to make a small deposit.
I'm sure my people downstairs
are quite capable of...
Please sit down.
We operate the world's largest
private investment fund.
Our biggest problem
is what to do with all the money.
We have a cash surplus
of 1 0 million a day...
...which we ship through our bank
to the U.S. Federal Reserve...
...thus establishing credits which can
be used for any legitimate investment.
See, someone has to help the gringos
with their trade deficit.
Make out a deposit receipt
for $4,900,000 for Señor Bond.
And, of course, there will be additional
monthly deposits in the same amount.
Of course. We are experienced
in handling accounts of this nature.
Let me pass.
- Señor Montelongo.
- Yes?
I'm Ms. Kennedy,
Mr. Bond's executive secretary.
I'd also appreciate it...
...if you could establish a line
of credit for me at the casino.
- Shall we say, $2 million.
- No problem.
You have excellent collateral, and our
chairman also owns the casino.
- Oh, a very convenient arrangement.
- We have always thought so,
Thank you, Good evening, ladies
and gentlemen, and welcome,
This is a very special night for us,
We want you to know only through
your very generous donations,
can the work here at the OMI
continue to progress
We've learned so much, but we've
only just scratched the surface.
We need your help.
We need you to go to your phones
right now and make a pledge.
This is not for me, This is not
for them, This is for all of us,
You okay, Renita?
I'm fine.
Krest called me from the boat with a
story about somebody ripping him off.
Did you see anything happen
when you were there?
No, Franz. I stayed in my cabin
most of the time.
- What's the matter, baby?
- You know I can't stand that thing.
I'd like a private table. Blackjack.
Certainly, Señor Bond.
Would you come this way, please?
Quarter of a million dollars.
And I'd like to raise the limits
to 5,000 a box.
Put these wonderful volunteers
to work,
Dario will take you shopping
tomorrow evening.
Spend a lot of money, have fun.
Now give me a little kiss.
You want one too?
We can raise the price.
Twenty-two thousand per kilo
this month.
I like that.
- Are you still there?
- Yeah, this is Truman-Lodge.
Twenty-two thousand,
Our goal today is to raise...
...$22,000 from each
of our meditation chapters.
That's 22,000 each.
Go to your phones.
Please help us.
Bless your hearts.
Let me have half a million.
Our wonderful Manhattan chapel
has just made a special $500 pledge,
Five hundred kilos.
I... I knew they'd go for it.
This guy cracks me up.
- Is Señor Sanchez there?
- Yes, he's right here.
Yeah?
I got a British sucker who dropped
a quarter of a million...
and he wants to play no limit,
- Which one?
- Table two,
Plays like a real jerk off,
He flew in on a private plane today,
opened an account at the bank.
Five million dollars in cash.
Let him play.
Double down.
Split.
Listen to this, our Chicago chapel
has just received
a $ 1,000 donor pledge
They all accepted the new price.
- Señor Sanchez?
- Yes, he's right here,
Thank you, Chicago,
Bless your hearts,
The British guy
is a quarter of a million ahead.
Should l close the table?
- Tell Lupe to come in here.
- Right.
You have good luck tonight.
You gonna share
any of that money?
Would you get me
a medium-dry vodka martini?
- Why do I...
- Shaken.
Not stirred.
Cut?
- You're very professional.
- I used to work here.
Am I going to win or lose?
Lose. But not much.
Vodka martini?
Shaken, not stirred.
Looks like your luck has changed.
- Is that why he sent you?
- And to find out more about you.
Perhaps I'd better quit
for the night.
You should walk straight out of here,
go to the airport and never come back.
Where's Sanchez?
Upstairs in his office.
He's been there all day.
He's planning a big party
for some Orientals tomorrow night.
And what did you tell him
about the Wavekrest?
Nothing. Now go.
- Take me to him.
- You loco? You'll get us both killed.
Buenas noches Señor,
This way, please.
Send us a dollar,
Send us 50 cents,
Send whatever you can send,
We've got a very special offer,
You guys out there
with your beer and popcorn
Un momento, por favor,
This is almost over.
This particular book
has sold in excess of
a quarter of a million copies.
Anyone who sends in a $ 1 00 pledge
or more will receive
Lovely view.
It's a 49,95 value
and you get it absolutely free
Bond. James Bond.
Sit. Please.
We need your help,
Bless your hearts,
Well-traveled man.
You did all right
at the tables tonight.
I had the feeling
my luck was about to change.
Well, it's a wise gambler who knows
when his luck has run out.
Why this?
In my business you prepare
for the unexpected.
What business is that?
I help people with problems.
Problem solver.
More of a problem eliminator.
- And are you here on business?
- No. Temporarily unemployed.
I thought I might find work here.
Well, it's very difficult to obtain
a work permit in Isthmus.
It's... Well, one has to show a special
talent that people here don't have.
Well, that shouldn't
be too difficult.
Señor Bond, you got big balls
You come here to my place...
...without references...
...carrying a piece...
...throwing around a lot of money.
But you should know something.
Nobody saw you come in...
...so nobody has to see you go out.
Señor Sanchez, I could be very useful
to a man in your position.
I understand you have a reputation
for rewarding loyalty very well.
I'll keep this for a few days.
We’ll talk again.
And you won't need a gun
in Isthmus.
It's a very safe city.
In the meantime, I welcome you
to the casino at all times.
Check him out.
What did you find out?
He's sitting up there
behind two inches of armored glass.
I'd need a cannon to get to him.
Señor Bond, your uncle has arrived.
I put him in your suite.
Thank you.
Good night, Señor
Your uncle?
Let's make this a proper
family reunion. Give me your gun.
Stay here.
- Really, 00 7!
- Q!
What are you doing here?
I might have killed you!
Well, I'm on leave.
Thought I'd pop around and see
how you were getting on.
- You all right?
- Yes, of course I'm all right.
- How did you find me?
- Moneypenny, of course.
- She's worried sick about you.
- This is no place for you. Go home.
Oh, don't be an idiot, 00 7.
I know exactly what you're up to,
and you're going to need my help.
If it hadn't been for Q Branch,
you'd have been dead long ago.
Everything for a man on holiday.
Explosive alarm clock.
Guaranteed never to wake up
anybody who uses it.
Dentonite toothpaste.
To be used sparingly.
It's the latest
in plastic explosive.
I could do with some plastic.
I thought there might be
a mess to clean up.
Pam, this is Q, my uncle.
Uncle, this is Ms. Kennedy,
my cousin.
- We must be related.
- How do you do?
Now, pay attention, 00 7.
This looks like
an ordinary camera.
- Doesn't it?
- What kind of film does it take? 1 20?
No, .220 high velocity.
Now, this is a signature gun...
...and that is an optical palm reader.
And if I plug this
into the bottom like that...
...once I've programmed it...
Now nobody can use the gun
but you.
- Smile, boys.
- Don't use the flash.
Stop fiddling about with things
you don't understand.
- You might easily have killed him.
- That's odd.
Let's all get some rest, shall we.
We've got a long, hard day
ahead of us tomorrow.
Good night, Q.
Sweet dreams, Mr. Bond.
I hope you don't snore, Q.
You all know Truman
-Lodge.
This is my head of security,
Colonel Heller.
This is an historic moment.
East meets west.
Drug dealers of the world unite.
Extra bonus.
Your job's done.
Take Q and fly out of here now.
I'll make my own way back.
I'd like to stay.
No.
I work better alone.
In this business there's a lot of cash
and a lot of people with their hand out.
- In a word, bribery.
- Exactly.
He took the words
right out of my pocket.
So you pay. Everyone and his brother
is on the payroll.
So you buy a mayor,
a chief of police, a general.
Presidents.
One day you wake up and you own
the whole goddamn country.
Then you take what you want. Bank,
gambling casino, airline concession.
Why?
Simple.
It's easier for the politicians...
...to take silver than lead.
We have an invisible empire
from Chile to Alaska.
What I want to do, amigos,
is to make you part of it.
I want the Pacific
to be our little puddle.
What you have before you,
gentlemen, is a demographic report...
...breaking down each
of your territories by age...
...and socioeconomic group.
As you can clearly see...
...there is a huge potential demand...
...given the implementation
of aggressive marketing.
As in the United States...
Señor Sanchez is prepared to offer
each of you exclusive franchises.
The price is 1 00 million
per territory.
I believe you'll find
that works out to...
...20 million per metric ton,
Mr. Tan.
We guarantee quality
and price...
...for five years.
Señor Sanchez, since arriving,
we've eaten well...
...heard many good stories.
But before I pay anything,
I want to see some hardware.
Mr. Kwang,
you don't pay for hardware.
You pay for my personal guarantee
and protection.
Surely if you
were to invest 1 00 million...
...you would want some reassurance.
You know, you're right.
Why not?
Tomorrow I'll take you
to our main distribution center.
Here you are.
Goodbye, Q.
Thanks for all you've done.
What?
You're a hell of a field operative.
Now go. I'll see you back in London.
No more business,
Time to have some fun.
Gentlemen, enjoy yourselves.
- Hi, there!
- Hi! How are you?
You can be my playmate.
This Kwang seems like trouble.
Why show them the labs?
Don't worry.
We won't expose the operation.
His Excellency,
El presidente Lopez,
There has been a mistake
with my check.
Look at it.
It's half the usual amount.
You were very quiet
when I was arrested.
Remember...
...you're only president for life.
Watch the birdie, you bastard.
Take his arm.
Who would have a signature gun?
James Bond.
This is the property of Her Majesty's
government. How did you get it?
Piss off.
- Who ordered you to kill Sanchez?
- No one.
He's a rogue agent.
I've got orders to take him back
one way or the other.
We're Hong Kong Narcotics,
you bastard!
Sanchez is taking us
to the heart of his operations.
I've been setting it up for years.
I just hope that little stunt of yours
hasn't scared him off.
- Get me out of these bloody things.
- No, commander.
You're a loose cannon on deck.
I'm shipping you
straight back to London.
- Leave him!
- No!
Come on!
Don't let them take you alive.
He's still alive.
Who was it?
Who sent you?
Cyanide.
Hey, amigo.
How do you feel?
I'll survive.
Lupe. Please.
The Wavekrest is arriving tonight.
Krest is coming here.
Good.
Baby. Please?
Well, we both had close calls
last night.
You were just in time.
Things were about to turn nasty.
- Who were those guys?
- Freelance hit team.
What did they want with you?
One of them must have
recognized me in the casino.
They were afraid I'd warn you,
spoil their plans.
So you knew them.
I used to be a British agent.
We kept dossiers on such people.
British agent.
I knew it.
You have class.
Those men tried to kill me.
Who would do such a thing?
Someone close to you.
- Cream? Sugar?
- No.
- Did they tell you this?
- They were well briefed.
Obviously by someone
on the inside.
- Did they mention a name?
- No.
Only that they were expecting
to be paid a great deal of cash...
...by someone arriving
in Isthmus tonight.
You suspect someone?
Everyone in my organization
is 1 00 percent loyal.
- Then you have nothing to worry about.
- Well, I have go to meet some people.
- Rest here.
- No, I have to go back to my hotel.
No, don't go to the hotel.
Save your money. I insist.
Stay here.
Enjoy my hospitality.
Lupe, show him
the easy way up, please.
You are not gonna believe
who this guy is.
Former British agent.
How did you know that?
Because I know things.
I want to meet Krest's boat tonight.
We’ll need a dozen reliable men.
- Is there a problem with Krest?
- We’ll see.
And bring Lupe.
She was there.
He's not gonna lie in front of her.
What are you doing?
I've had my fill
of Sanchez's hospitality.
He told you to stay.
You're asking for trouble.
There's no need for you
to get involved.
Give me five minutes,
then scream.
James, listen to me.
There's guards all over the place.
You'll never make it.
I'm going shopping.
I won't be long.
Please don't! Not now!
Señor Sanchez said!
- I haven't had one of these in 5 years.
- Oh, don't worry.
00 7 always comes back.
- James, hi...
- Thought I told you to leave, Q.
We couldn't go without knowing
what had happened to you.
Get your bags packed, Q.
- What's the matter with you?
- Just a couple of things.
Kwang and his team
were British agents. They're dead.
Sanchez is alive.
I saw you in Heller's office.
You're working with them.
- I want the truth.
- I am telling the truth!
Sanchez has arranged to buy four
Stinger missiles from the Contras.
He said he'll shoot down an American
airliner if the DA doesn't lay off.
What's that got to do
with you and Heller?
Felix gave me a letter from the attorney
general granting Heller immunity...
...if he gets the Stingers back.
Did he go for the deal?
Yes.
And then you missed Sanchez...
...and Heller panicked
and said the deal was off...
...and that I was dead
if he ever saw me again.
There's more to this
than your personal vendetta.
It's a mess.
Sanchez has tripled his security.
You'll never get
another shot at him.
We don't have to.
Meet me at the harbormaster's office
in two hours.
Q, bring the Rolls around
to the front of the hotel.
Yes, sir!
Señor Bond,
Señor Montelongo,
I'm making a withdrawal.
Pilot coming aboard, sir.
Well? Take me to the bridge.
Gracias, captain.
I'll take over now.
You? You're the harbor pilot?
No, I'm his secretary.
All yours, sir... Ma'am.
- You're going in a bit too fast.
- You wanna do the driving?
You take the wheel.
Full speed astern!
- What's happening?
- I don't know!
We've hit the jetty!
What the hell are you doing?
Harbor pilot went crazy.
I'd stick to flying if I were you.
I got the job done.
Franz! What a surprise.
I didn't think you'd be here.
Yeah. I like surprises.
You seem to be having
a lot of problems lately.
Well, we had this crazy
harbor pilot.
Let's talk about
the money you owe me.
Why don't we talk inside?
- Does he have a safe?
- Not up here. Maybe below.
Have a look around.
Do I have this right? He water skied
behind the plane, jumps on it...
No. No. He was... Well, yeah.
He threw the pilots out
and flew away.
Like a little bird.
Knife.
Would I make up a story like that?
You must have seen something.
- Where's 00 7?
- He's coming.
That's not my money.
- I swear.
- That's right, amigo.
It's mine.
Do you think I'm stupid?
You rip me off, then use my own
money to pay someone to kill me?
You want it so bad?
Then take it!
What are you doing?
Wait! Just please talk to me!
It's not my money!
What the...
Please, Franz!
What about the money, boss?
Launder it.
This is where you leave. Take
the plane. I'll see you both in Miami.
- Aren't you coming?
- No. They'll be after me.
It’ll be safer on my own.
Come on, my dear.
See you later.
- What's that?
- Bond's clothes. They're clean.
I'm sorry to wake you, Hermano,
I thought you'd like to know
the information you gave me paid off.
I got the guy who set me up.
Only one guy?
- What do you mean?
- I just thought that....
No one would be stupid enough
to try to take you on, on their own.
- Listen, come with me tomorrow.
- Where to?
It's a surprise.
You're gonna like it.
James, what are you doing
back here?
I don't think your being here
is a good idea.
It's all right. Franz is having dinner
with the Chinese.
- Where is he taking me tomorrow?
- He's showing them a special place.
I don't know where.
James, don't go. I'm scared.
What's gonna happen to us?
Don't worry. When this is all over
I'll make sure you get back home.
Home? It took me 1 5 years
to get away from there.
I don't wanna go back.
Can't we leave together?
I ought to be safe with you.
No, Lupe.
I don't think that would work out.
How can we tell unless we try?
I think it's gonna work out
very well.
All right. I'll answer it.
Ms. Kennedy? I saw you
at the casino with James.
- We need to speak in private.
- It's all right. He's with me.
James is in danger.
Sanchez is no fool.
He's checking up on him.
- If they find anything suspicious...
- He's safely out of the country by now.
You don't understand.
Last night he stayed with me.
At Sanchez's house?
Franz is taking him on a trip
in an hour. You must help him.
If anything happens to him
I don't know what I'll do.
I love James so much.
You must go before you're missed.
Now, don't worry.
We’ll think of something.
"I love James so much."
I'll be damned if I'll help him.
Look, don't judge him
too harshly, my dear.
Field operatives must often use
every means at their disposal...
...to achieve their objectives.
Bullshit!
Bond's just left in convoy.
Two cars and a Jeep turning north
onto the main highway.
- I copy that, Q.
- Over and out,
What are you doing to my plane?
Overhaul.
Señor Sanchez order it.
I must have a plane.
Where can I rent one?
No planes.
You brought the Stingers.
From now on I want them close to me.
We started this place
strictly as a cover...
...but Professor Joe manages
to turn a tidy profit.
Welcome. This way, please.
I'm going to have to ask that
each of you put on one of these.
It's for your own safety...
...so I'm sure you'll understand.
We can't have our best customers
developing a drug habit.
This way, gentlemen.
Attention, security.
Stand by to receive Number One.
Our product dissolves completely
in ordinary gasoline...
...making it absolutely undetectable.
How do you get it back?
You want us to tell you all our secrets
before we're partners?
- Take them to the lab.
- This way, gentlemen.
Who's the new guy?
Somebody I thought could be useful.
- Can I help you?
- I have a surprise for Professor Joe.
- Sorry. No visitors this week.
- I came all the way from Wichita Falls.
- I'm sorry.
- Folks back home took up a collection.
They'd be so disappointed if Prof. Joe
didn't accept it personally.
You may remove your masks now,
gentlemen.
So do we have a deal?
The terms, gentlemen, were...
...1 00 million in negotiable
bearer bonds from each of you.
Welcome.
Professor Joe, it's really you!
Oh, it's magnificent!
Rebuilt stone for stone
and restored to all of its original glory.
- Is this for me?
- Oh, yes, I almost forgot.
I got so flustered, I...
Child, have you ever thought
of studying here?
Would that be possible?
Come along.
Let's see if you have the aptitude.
To a long association.
- What's the process?
- It's very simple.
An 1 8 percent mixture of cocaine
and ordinary gasoline.
Just keep quiet.
Ammonium hydroxide.
We already have your first shipment
loaded into the four tanker trucks.
Welcome.
Please join me.
This is my humble sanctuary
away from the cares of the world.
Your own private
meditation chamber.
Built from the sacred rocks
of the original temple.
I did have it soundproofed,
so nothing will disturb our meditation.
I brought you another surprise.
I love surprises.
Where is it?
Look, this really isn't necessary.
Give me the keys.
Bless your heart.
Your monthly delivery
will be by oceangoing tanker.
We’ll send our chief chemist along
to supervise the reconversion process.
You keep the gas as a bonus.
And if there's a problem
with customs...
...no evidence.
Come on! Hurry!
I know him!
He's an informer!
You disappoint me.
Who are you working for?
Tell me!
You don't wanna talk?
I can get the trucks out,
but I don't think I can control the fire!
Forget the fire! Get some cars!
We're gonna take the tankers with us!
Wait a minute.
This setup cost us 32 million.
We have to try and save it.
I don't give a shit about the setup!
We got 500 million in the case and 20
tons of Colombian pure in the tankers!
Now go help Heller!
But we have a deal with the Orientals.
We've got their money.
I said go help Heller!
Do you wanna make this hard
or easy?
Put him in the conveyor.
When you're up to your ankles,
you're gonna beg to tell me everything.
When you're up to your knees,
you'll kiss my ass to kill you.
I'm the least of your problems.
If you couldn't trust Krest,
who can you trust?
Who's got your 500 million?
Truman-Lodge?
What about the Stingers?
What do you know about Stingers?
We gotta go.
This place will blow up any second.
- Where's Heller?
- I don't know.
That's the last you'll see
of Heller and your Stingers.
Thanks for the advice.
Have my car meet me up at the top!
Come with me.
You're dead.
You took the words
right out of my mouth.
Sanchez!
- Are you all right?
- Switch the bloody machine off!
Hey. I was making sure
these were secure.
That's a good idea.
- Take them up to my car.
- Of course.
- Oh, God, it's Heller.
- Looks like he came to a dead end.
Come on!
You, come with me.
Come on.
Surprise!
Bless your heart!
Bond has escaped.
Meet me at Paso Del Diablo.
Don't worry.
It's only money.
Oh, no!
Shit!
Brilliant!
Well done, Franz.
Another $80 million write-off!
I guess it's time
to start cutting overhead.
James!
Damn!
You could have had everything.
Don't you want to know why?
Well, what are you waiting for?
Get in.
Yes, sir.
I'll be up to see you next week,
We'll fish
Good. I'll be out by then.
M called. He tried to reach you.
I think he may
have a job for you,
Look, Felix, I have to go.
My hostess has just arrived.
- Take care, James,
- You too. Bye-bye.
- I thought you hated that thing.
- Don't you know?
Iguanas are a girl's best friend.
- Well, here's to you, my dear.
- Cheers.
Thank you for everything, James.
Thank you.
You could stay here with me.
Excuse me.
I think you and El presidente
will make a perfect couple.
Why don't you wait
until you're asked?
So why don't you ask me?